c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\KreateITWebService.dll.config
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\KreateITWebService.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\KreateITWebService.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\obj\Debug\KreateITWebService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\obj\Debug\KreateITWebService.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\obj\Debug\KreateITWebService.pdb
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\KreateIT.Business.dll
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\KreateIT.Data.dll
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\KreateIT.Business.pdb
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\KreateIT.Data.pdb
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\KreateIT.Exceptions.dll
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\KreateIT.Exceptions.pdb
C:\Users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KreateITWebService\KreateITWebService\bin\XmlDocument.xml
